README.md, before:

# Welcome to [Astro](https://astro.build)

[![Open in StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/github/withastro/astro/tree/latest/examples/basics)

> 🧑‍🚀 **Seasoned astronaut?** Delete this file. Have fun!

![basics](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4677417/186188965-73453154-fdec-4d6b-9c34-cb35c248ae5b.png)

## 🚀 Project Structure

Inside of your Astro project, you'll see the following folders and files:

```
/
├── public/
│   └── favicon.svg
├── src/
│   ├── components/
│   │   └── Card.astro
│   ├── layouts/
│   │   └── Layout.astro
│   └── pages/
│       └── index.astro
└── package.json
```

Astro looks for `.astro` or `.md` files in the `src/pages/` directory. Each page is exposed as a route based on its file name.

There's nothing special about `src/components/`, but that's where we like to put any Astro/React/Vue/Svelte/Preact components.

Any static assets, like images, can be placed in the `public/` directory.

## 🧞 Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

| Command                | Action                                             |
| :--------------------- | :------------------------------------------------- |
| `npm install`          | Installs dependencies                              |
| `npm run dev`          | Starts local dev server at `localhost:3000`        |
| `npm run build`        | Build your production site to `./dist/`            |
| `npm run preview`      | Preview your build locally, before deploying       |
| `npm run astro ...`    | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro preview` |
| `npm run astro --help` | Get help using the Astro CLI                       |

## 👀 Want to learn more?

Feel free to check [our documentation](https://docs.astro.build) or jump into our [Discord server](https://astro.build/chat).

Commit message:

added gitpod and replaced links

README.md, after:

# Welcome to [Salam Labs (beta)](https://https://starlit-dusk-920033.netlify.app/)

[![Open in StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/github/withastro/astro/tree/latest/examples/basics) 

[Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io#https://github.com/Salam-Labs/salam-app-web)

 
## 🚀 Project Structure

Inside of your Astro project, you'll see the following folders and files:

```
/
├── public/
│   └── favicon.svg
├── src/
│   ├── components/
│   │   └── Card.astro
│   ├── layouts/
│   │   └── Layout.astro
│   └── pages/
│       └── index.astro
└── package.json
```

Astro looks for `.astro` or `.md` files in the `src/pages/` directory. Each page is exposed as a route based on its file name.

There's nothing special about `src/components/`, but that's where we like to put any Astro/React/Vue/Svelte/Preact components.

Any static assets, like images, can be placed in the `public/` directory.

## 🧞 Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

| Command                | Action                                             |
| :--------------------- | :------------------------------------------------- |
| `npm install`          | Installs dependencies                              |
| `npm run dev`          | Starts local dev server at `localhost:3000`        |
| `npm run build`        | Build your production site to `./dist/`            |
| `npm run preview`      | Preview your build locally, before deploying       |
| `npm run astro ...`    | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro preview` |
| `npm run astro --help` | Get help using the Astro CLI                       |



Feel free to check [The documentation](https://docs.astro.build)
